Part 2 - Experiment and metrics design

1. I would test if the reimbursement leads to a significant increase in drivers crossing the 
toll bridge with a confidence of at least 95% (significance level of 0.05)

2. I would randomly select a number of drivers (lets say 200). I would then divide split the
drivers into two groups of equal size. Group A will get all their toll costs reimbursed,
Group B won't. Then I would measure how often all drivers cross the bridge in a certain 
direction (lets say from Gotham to Metropolis) over a given time period (lets say one month).

This results in two distributions with the number of times each driver crossed the bridge
from Gotham to Metropolis within one month. The average in the distribution for Group A is
expected to be higher then for Group B. If that is the case, I would test if the difference
in averages is significant. 

To test the significance I would perform a permutation test: I would pool the results from
Group A and B together, randomly split it into two groups of equal size, and then calculate
the difference in average between the two groups. I would perform this random split 10,000
times.

Then, to test if the actual difference is significant on a 95% confidence level, I would 
calculate how often the actual difference between the two groups exceeded the difference
of the permutation test. This would give me the probability of the actual difference occuring
if the reimbursement of tolls had no effect on the drivers behaviour. 

As an example: if the actual difference in mean was 10 (on average Group A crossed the bridge
10 times more than group B). And the difference between the two groups from 10,000 permutations
was 10 or higher in 15 cases, then the probability that the toll reimbursement did not affect
the drivers behaviour would be 15/10,000=0.0015=0.15%. The reimbursement of toll costs
therefore significantly increased the number of bridge crossings with a confidence of 99.85%
(exceeding our threshold for a 99.5% confidence intervel).
